hello friends
welcome to review recapped
today i will be showing you a horror
thriller sci-fi movie named
brightburn spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy
the movie begins where a couple torrey
and kyle breyer are seen trying to
conceive a baby but fail to do so
because tory gets distracted by noises
and vibrations from outside they try to
ignore it but suddenly something hits
the ground and the power cuts down the
couple looks out and see something
crashes down in the ground
we then see a flashback clip of their
baby boy named brandon after 10 years
tori is seen playing hide and seek with
brandon and finds him hiding in their
farm
brandon seems to be very intelligent
getting attention of his teacher and his
classmates at school
during the night tori is seen relaxing
and painting while brandon gets
disturbed by strange noises and
sleepwalk towards the farm
as he gets closer to the locked basement
he gets aggressive and tries to open it
but tori gets there and calms him down
the next day brandon sets out to mow the
lawn in an attempt to start the mower he
realizes he has some extra ordinary
power that makes him throw the mower far
off
on seeing this he gets shocked and stops
the blade of the machine with his hand
without getting hurt
the family goes out for dinner with
their family friends noah and merrily
where they give him toys as a gift to
which brandon aggressively snatches and
gets rude his parents get offended with
his behavior and leave for house
immediately
the next morning while having breakfast
kyle notices strange sound coming from
brandon's mouth to his surprise he sees
his son chewing the metal fork he tries
to stop him but brandon bends the fork
the next day kyle takes brandon hunting
showing him his guns and making him
aware of the fact that how his body is
changing after torrey found some
lingerie ads under his bed
later that night brandon is caught
stalking one of her classmates kaitlyn
at her place leaving her friday with her
mother while tori looks for him at the
farm
that same night kyle starts getting
worried about the strange changed
behavior of his son he notices brandon
staring at the chickens in their farm
and asks him if he was all right and
later on goes inside
after some time both the parents go out
into their surprise get to see that all
the chickens have been murdered brutally
tori thinks a wolf might have killed
them but kyle gets suspicious about
brandon killing them as he was already
noticing him staring at chickens earlier
at school the next day brandon and his
class fellows are seen exercising in the
ground where he falls off hoping that
caitlyn might give her a hand but
caitlyn being nervous about that knight
does not want to help him their coach
insists her to give him a helping hand
but all of a sudden brandon gets
aggressive and breaks caitlyn's hand we
then see tori explaining caitlyn's
mother that accidents happen between
kids but her mother is not convinced at
all and demand sheriff to arrest him
sheriff refuses and advices special
sessions for him
brandon is then advised to see a
counselor and get some help soon as they
leave brandon gives a menacing stare at
caitlyn's mother
during the night we see brandon is once
again drawn towards the strange alien
spaceship in the farm and this time
unlocks the door with his extraordinary
powers he is seen connecting with the
big alien spaceship he starts floating
in the air and chanting in another
language we can also hear the evil
voices coming from the alien spaceship
saying take the world tori rushes
towards the farm and finds him and
breaks the connection between the both
brandon falls on the ship and gets
injured he curiously asks where they got
him from to which turai reveals that he
was found on arrival of an alien
spaceship after listening to this he
freaks out and enrage and fire lasers
from his eyes for the first time
later he visits caitlyn in her bedroom
and asks her not to be scared
she says her mother said not to talk to
her but he says he will take care of
that leaving flowers behind
meanwhile caitlyn's mother is seen
closing up in a bar all by herself she
suddenly notices that something is off
the light starts flickering and the
window breaks the glass from the window
goes into her eye
she being helpless tries to defend
herself but we see brandon in full rage
in his costume murders her brutally
sheriff the next day while investigating
gets hold of brandon's diagram that he
drew on the window at the scene
merrily who's also a counselor and
brandon's anne sets up a meeting with
him but the session does not go well
because of brandon's behavior
so she tells him she needs to update the
sheriff about her misbehaving behavior
later that same night he stalks her
through her house threatens her and
warns her not to mention anything to the
sheriff she gets frightened and it's
shown that brandon stares her from
outside in his costume and watches her
texting noah when noah returns home he
finds brandon in the closet in a costume
he threatens him to tell his parents
which upsets brandon
the angry boy lashes out on his uncle
causing him to try to escape in a truck
he lifts the truck up and throws the
truck far off breaking noah's jaw as he
is seen dying brandon makes the same
diagram on the floor with blood of his
uncle
brandon returns home without shirt
explaining and lying he was bullied at
school to his parents and hides his
shirt full of blood and gets away with
it that night kyle has a nightmare that
shows him how tory first found the baby
in the alien spaceship and adopts him
however it frightens him when its eyes
light up with lasers the very next day
merrily calls tori and kyle to the
hospital and tells about noah's murder
they both are seen comforting her she
also complains about brandon stalking at
her house the other night the parents
then confront brandon with all that was
happening telling about noah's murder
where brandon is not seen bothered by it
kyle accuses him of being there last
night which makes brandon more furious
and suddenly in anger brandon throws his
father across the doorway tori tries to
calm him and sends him away
later kyle finds brandon's shirt full of
blood without letting him know and chose
to tori but she refuses to believe that
her baby boy killed noah kyle now sees
brandon as a threat and so plans to take
him to a trip to kill him kyle pretends
to apologize to brandon and tries to be
friendly with him hoping his plan might
work
meanwhile the sheriff visit story to
explain he's found the same diagrams
made by brandon on each incident but she
doesn't acknowledge them
later in the woods when kyle takes him
to the trip he attempts to shoot brandon
with his gun but the bullet bounces off
of brandon's head and he vanishes in the
air
later kyle is seen asking for mercy but
all in vain brandon in his full rage and
costume kills his father with his laser
vision that goes through his skull
back at the house tori finds brandon's
notebook and notices the same diagrams
that sheriff showed
tori panics and tries to call her
husband brandon answers the phone
telling tori that kyle is gone
brandon starts to fly and destroy the
house
she calls 9-1-1 as he continues to fly
around her the sheriff and his deputy
are called in after the 9-1-1 call is
cut short when they arrive they see the
house as devastated tory starts to come
out of the house as the sheriff calls
out to her
however before she can talk with him
brandon lashes out on him and rips him
apart helpless story and the deputy make
their way inside the house
tori goes upstairs to hide under the bed
as the deputy tries to find brandon
soon she is seen being killed brutally
by him the sounds of being torn apart by
brandon could be heard by tori
she continues to be quiet as brandon
looks around for her
tori soon remembers that brandon was
injured by the alien ship earlier so she
rushes towards the farm where the
spaceship was and gets a piece from the
ship thinking it would kill him
she then finds dead body of caton's
mother there
however she tries to lure him with sweet
words as he comes closer they both
embrace each other and he gives her this
innocent look
she tries to stab him but brandon grabs
her and flies high up in the sky gives
her one last look and drops her down to
death
as he hovers in air a passenger jet
plane is seen coming closer towards him
and the screen fades to black
in the last scene we see the whole farm
covered with emergency personnel trying
to investigate how the plane crashed on
the ground with no survivors
while brandon is seen sitting there
having a cookie with an innocent face
thanks for watching
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notification to watch more videos like
this